fix(gen): fix 200s without anchors (#4101)
scaleway/docs-content: network/edge-services/reference-content/ssl-tls-certificate.mdx

| Missing root certificate                                                | Make sure a valid root certificate is included in the [PEM-formatted chain](#pem-format-certificate-chain). |
| Wrong order                                                             | Make sure the server certificate (which validates your own subdomain) is listed before the intermediate and root certificates in the [PEM-formatted chain](#pem-format-certificate-chain) |
| Too many private keys                                                   | Make sure the [PEM-formatted chain](#pem-format-certificate-chain) includes only one corresponding private key  |

> | Self-signed certificates not allowed                                    | Create and upload a certificate issued by a recognized [certificate authority](#generating-a-managed-lets-encrypt-certificate). If you receive this error but believe your certificate is legitimately signed by an official CA, [open a support ticket](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets) to tell us. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Self-signed certificates not allowed                                    | Create and upload a certificate issued by a recognized [certificate authority](#tips-for-creating-a-certificate). If you receive this error but believe your certificate is legitimately signed by an official CA, [open a support ticket](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets) to tell us. |
```
